New map generator conception

Universe is divided into X sectors depending on the number of players. The space of each sector is respectively subdivided into 4 subsectors: the closest to hw, i.e. within 6 parsecs from hw, the medium range - from 6 to 12 parsecs from hw, long range space - more than 12 parsecs away from hw and border space - systems 1 - 3 parsecs from border. Each subsector receives correction factor (cf) for scoring purposes: the hw subsector - 1.0; the medium - 0.85; the long range - 0.7; and border subsector - 0.5 The players sectors are to be compared and normalized to meet the tolerance range by the following criteria:

1. Number of stars in player's sector, tolerance range - 10% difference. Example: Total number of stars in sector A compared to total number of stars in sector B 
NA>NB; then (NA-NB)/NB<=10% 
Note: Correction factor based on subsectors isn't applied, however minimal number of systems in hw subsector should be 4 (apart from homeworld itself).
 
2. Number of planets in player's sector, tolerance range - 10% difference. Example: Total number of planets in sector A compared to total number of planets in sector B 
NPLA>NPLB; then (NPLA-NPLB)/NPLB<=10% 
Note:  Correction factor based on subsectors isn't applied. But the minimal number of planets in hw subsector should be 10 (apart from homeworld system planets).
 
3. Available Pop Capacity (APC) for current races of planets. Each sectors all planets available population capacity is summarized, considering race specifications like aquatic, subterranean or tolerant or w/o any pop modifiers. Thus we get four values APC(no modifier); APC(tolerant); APC(aquatic); APC(subterranean). Note: When summarizing, correction factor based on subsector category *IS applied*. Then each sector's available pop capacity is analyzed and compared. Example: APCnm sectorA with APCnp sector B. The difference should fit into 10% tolerance range. Explanation: we make comparison for all 4 values separately. If the difference of APC of the sector exceeds 10% then the map should be corrected by respective procedures (i.e. changing pop capacity of the planets).
 
4. Potential Pop Capacity (PPC) - pop capacity after applying full terraforming to all available planets. Each sectors all planets potential pop capacity is summarized, considering race specifications. In result we get four values PPC(no modifier); PPC(tolerant); PPC(aquatic); PPC(subterranean). Note: When summarizing, correction factor based on subsector category *IS applied*. Then each sector's potential pop capacity is analyzed and compared (comparison of each 4 values separately, e.g. PPCnmA with PPCnmB). The difference should fit into 10% tolerance range. If the difference of PPC of the sector exceeds 10% then the map should be corrected by respective procedures (i.e. changing pop capacity of the planets). 
5. Available Planets Production Output. This criteria is to analyze available planets for mineral richness and gravity. 
Production output of a planet is determined by number of workers could be placed on the planet (APC) multiplied by mineral richness (MR) and gravity penalty (GP). No pollution penalty considered in this case.
PO planet=APC planet*MR*GP
Gravity penalty is know as 0.5 for heavyG planets and 0.25 for lowG, but it doesn’t count time factor. To do so we need to apply correction factor.
Lets consider average duration of the game is 150 turns. And lets assume we can tech gravity generator by t100. Thus gravity affects us approximately 2/3 time of the game. Hence the gravity penalty (0.5 for hvG and 0.25 for the lowG) should be multiplied by the correction factor of 2/3.
Available Planets Production Output of a sector is sum of PO of all planets of this sector:
APPO=ΣPOi
When summarizing, correction factor based on subsector category *IS applied*.
Each sectors APPO is summarized and compared. The difference should fit into 10% tolerance range. If the difference of APPO of the sector exceeds 10% then the map should be corrected by respective procedures (i.e. changing mineral richness of the planets). 

6. Terraformed Planets Production Output. The same comparison as in paragraph  5 but for terraformed planets.

7. Number or arti planets in each sector should be equal;
Total PPC of arti planets should be in 10% tolerance range. When summarizing arti planets PPC, correction factor based on subsector category *IS applied*.